Add `keep_rgb` option when saving JPEG to prevent conversion of RGB colorspace (#7553)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/releasenotes/10.2.0.rst

:py:class:`~PIL.DdsImagePlugin.DXGI_FORMAT` and :py:class:`~PIL.DdsImagePlugin.D3DFMT`
enums have been added to :py:class:`PIL.DdsImagePlugin`.

JPEG RGB color space
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When saving JPEG files, ``keep_rgb`` can now be set to ``True`` to store RGB images in
> the RGB color space instead of converting them to YCbCr.  When this option is enabled,
> attempting to chroma-subsample RGB images with the ``subsampling`` option will result
> in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When saving JPEG files, ``keep_rgb`` can now be set to ``True``. This will store RGB
images in the RGB color space instead of being converted to YCbCr automatically by
libjpeg. When this option is enabled, attempting to chroma-subsample RGB images with
the ``subsampling`` option will raise an :py:exc:`OSError`.
```
